add pipeline readme (#75)
wellcometrust/catalogue: pipeline/README.md

# Catalogue pipeline

All data comes from an external data source, e.g. [Sierra and it's adapter](../sierra_adapter),
onto a queue for entering the pipeline, and finally makes it into out query index,
[Elasticsearch](https://www.elastic.co/products/elasticsearch).

The flow of data is as follows:
```
(Data source queue) => Transformer => Recorder => ID Minter => Matcher => Merger => Ingestor
```

> Each service in the pipeline is topped with reading SNS topic, and tailed with pushing to queue.

Reviewer: Don't quite understand this sentence, any way you could phrase it slightly differently / elaborate?

Author: ```suggestion
Each service in the pipeline has an input of an SNS topic that it subscribes to and after it has worked on that message, pushes its result to a SQS queue.
```

❓
